so the president said something the
media didn't really comment on it they
didn't uh least not to my satisfaction
me it was terrifying
he said he's cutting off aid to these
countries in Central America because
they're not doing their job they're not
stopping their people from coming here
in case you're still not getting it the
man who wants to build a wall along our
southern border and militarize it said
that he believed it was his duty as a
head of state to keep you in the united
states if need be I've said it from the
beginning that wall works both ways it
will be used to keep Americans in this
isn't the America I remember I don't
recognize America anymore not hearing it
from people younger than me we learned
our history and schools learned about
how great we were in those textbooks
those big thick textbooks they didn't
get that didn't get that propaganda and
they didn't learn history not the way we
did they didn't get it from a thick
government approved textbook sanitized
version they got it from the internet
raw that's why when we say you know I
don't recognize America I can't believe
we're taking kids from families and they
show up really is here's a picture of us
doing it to natives here's a picture of
us doing it to slaves no this is as
American as apple pie now I know there's
still a whole lot of people who consider
themselves to be Patriots that support
this man if you believe in the ideals of
freedom and liberty you can't if you've
chosen to you've sold out your ideals
and your principles and your country for
a red hat and a cute slogan it's that
fear everybody's afraid everything so
that's a politician needs to do is tap
into that fear so you win an election
you gather a group of low information
middle-income middle Americans and you
tell them what to be afraid of
and how you're gonna save them from it
then you get the votes and you get the
power then you can do whatever you want
and they'll defend
we're gonna talk about the fears of
these asylum seekers that group coming
up we're gonna address some of those
concerns and then we're gonna talk about
what I think the real fear is because
when you hear about it you see in the
comments section it's always the same
thing
there could be Isis in that group and
that's thirteen they could be drug mules
they could have diseases they're gonna
bankrupt us we can't take that many
people it's going to overwork our
medical infrastructure they could all be
rapists and killers murderers and armed
robbers why hadn't any of that happened
yet these giant groups of asylum seekers
have been coming up for 15 years 15
years you would think that if that is a
serious concern I mean there would be
some kind of evidence of that occurring
so far it's almost like those fears are
unfounded whether you came legally or
illegally is irrelevant they are doing
it legally that's how the law works now
if you had that big of a problem with
them coming here I would suggest you
call DC and get a hold of your
representative maybe talk to them about
how our foreign policy impacts these
countries talk to them about how our
drug war just funds the gangs down there
maybe do that instead of blaming the
victim I was busy answering the the
comments in my last video on YouTube all
the ones saying that no we're not really
going down this road to fascism we're
not headed towards genocide this would
never happen here they're not
concentration camps we're not
dehumanizing people I was busy replying
to all of that when news broke that
border guards were laughing about
telling a mother to drink out of a
toilet but they're laughing about it
because that dehumanization has already
started it's already started
they're not real people they've been
drinking out of toilets like a dog and
that's part of it that is part of this
trend it's part of the stages this is
what makes it really easy when that
order comes down we need to evacuate
these people and by evacuate I mean into
a ditch if you can sit there and laugh
at a mother being told to drink out of a
toilet you'll probably be okay with
putting a bullet in the back of her head
people need to remember is that civilian
gun violence is nothing it is nothing in
the grand scheme of things if you look
at the statistics it's a blip guns don't
kill people
governments do these same people a few
weeks ago we're talking about
concentration camps and our march
towards fascism are advocating disarming
360 million guns in civilian hands is a
deterrent it is a deterrent against
tyranny and I know somebody out there
you can't fight a drone or a tank or an
a-10 with a rifle
that's not how insurgencies work and
that's the reason you need to want you
should really want this deterrent
because if the deterrent isn't there and
you have to actually act it's horrible
you don't fight the a-10 or the tank of
a drone you find their family Wickliffe
middle school one dead five wounded
flackville held a high school two dead
one wounded pearl high school three dead
seven wounded heath high school three
dead five wounded Westside middle school
five dead ten wounded thurston high
school four dead twenty five wounded
Columbine High School 15 dead 21 wounded
what do all of these have in common all
of these shootings took place when the
United States had an assault weapons ban
in place this is about a third of them
it's not even all of them
the assault weapons ban is an emotional
reaction it's a band-aid on a bullet
wound though it's a key to any good it
didn't last time
the assault weapons ban isn't gonna do
what you think it will and I know
somebody said well it's not gonna hurt
yeah it will
the reason weapons like the ar-15 get
used so often the ar-15 is the most
popular rifle in the United States so
when a kid decides he wants to shoot up
a school guess what's in the house this
would be a lot like banning the Camry
because it gets used in a lot of drunk
driving accidents because it's a popular
car doesn't make any sense
it won't hurt yeah well most of the
weapons that are classified as assault
weapons by legislation they are low to
intermediate power like the ar-15 you
take those off get rid of them and let's
assume somehow you're magically going to
make this work and people are just going
to give them up it will be replaced with
the most likely candidate is a 30.6
which is a very high-powered rifle so we
go back to our roots of mass shootings
the first one that people think of is
Charles Whitman Texas Clocktower killed
16 people wounded 32 his primary weapon
Remington 700 bolt-action rifle with no
detachable magazine it's not the design
it doesn't it's not the design that's a
talking point reality says otherwise
what about other countries something
that pops up a lot other countries did
not have more guns than people the
United States does mental health checks
this is a big one because who would be
against that well tell me what one is
where everybody's agreeing to it but
nobody knows what they're talking about
what kind of mental health anxiety does
that preclude you from purchasing a
firearm it stigmatizes mental health now
to the gun people just stop this is your
fault
this is your fault it's not my fault
yeah it is guns just a tool right how
many photos you have on Facebook if you
holding a hammer or a screwdriver or
sawzall pretend like it makes you a man
nothing right just that rifle just that
one tool glorifying that violence well I
need you to fight back against the
government sure you could but you won't
glorify violence for everything
everything every little infraction
becomes something worthy of death well
these protesters are making me late
let's try to pass legislation so we can
run them over and kill them step on my
flag I'll shoot you and then you wonder
why some kid walks into the school and
starts killing people we are a violent
country we always have been even these
solutions we set there and people who
proposed this or like we want peace we
don't want guns sure you do how do you
think any of this is gonna get enforced
I can't understand what it's like to be
black in the US I can't understand what
it's like to have my cultural identity
stripped away and replaced with the
knowledge that when my granddad was a
kid people didn't think he was human or
that what is seen is my cuisine it's
because we got good at cooking trash
that's gonna affect a people or
collective people on a very deep level
you know when you say get over it we're
a long way away from that we're a long
way from getting over slavery
yeah physical scars they've healed they
have cultural ones you're still there
because it's gone we stripped away
just vanished in the air I really want
you to think about how much of who you
are as a person comes from the old
country and then imagine what it would
be like if you didn't have that and if
what it was replaced with wasn't love
with the red white and blue as the red
white and blue didn't love you so I got
questions a few actually from black
people who want to start gun clubs for
black people and told that story to
remind the Second Amendment crowd that
it's not the city it is not the same you
know you're say well they don't have to
do that it's there right it's alright if
they do the same things we do they'll
end up dead right now they're they're
trying to flex their rights advocate for
themselves and just get law enforcement
used to the idea that a black person can
be armed and that's not a reason to
shoot them the intent of the Second
Amendment maybe not when it was written
because it didn't apply to them
but it's to armed minority groups you
know when it was written it was more
about ideological minorities as we
include more and more people in
America's blanket of freedom today it is
more important for a racial minority to
be armed than just about anybody else
the Second Amendment is there to protect
them the skin tone fundamentally change
a person that much I don't understand
the fear of the Browning of America
don't understand it cuz it doesn't make
any sense logically and then I don't
understand it because well it's
inevitable I don't know why you'd be
afraid of something that is going to
happen and this isn't a it might happen
in the future type of thing it's going
to happen on a long enough timeline
it's gonna happen everywhere light will
become darker dark will become lighter
eventually we're all gonna look like
brazilians
I personally can't wait I mean I'll be
gone but uh can you imagine how much
harder politicians are kind of had to
work to keep us divided keep us kicking
down it's gonna be a lot harder to say
oh you're better than those people when
they look just like in see minority
groups by definition they're a minority
they can't swing an election they don't
have that institutional power they don't
have the votes they're a minority so
they can't do anything about it
they got unaccountable men with guns
running around a lot of these police
chiefs aren't even elected so trying to
figure out how to relate that that
distrust and that fear to white country
folk I figured it out three letters a TF
all of a sudden you got that distrust
you got that fear got that anger you
probably know somebody they did dirty
you might know somebody they killed
didn't mean killing
say you live a little bit further out
west and ATF got to do it for you bol
got that distrust got that fear got that
anger wine because they're unaccountable
men with guns can't do anything about it
see here's the thing we got to remember
they got a ruby ridge or a lavoy finicum
happening every week every week there's
someone just killing and they can't do
anything about
being a cop not really that dangerous
not a lot of deaths really it's not even
in the top ten loggers fishermen roofers
delivery drivers all have more dangerous
jobs but they don't know that they've
bought into their own propaganda so you
hear things like well I want to go home
at the end of my shift why don't you do
that and stay there let's say you roll
up on a kid selling a dime bag he takes
off run it that's completely normal that
is completely normal that's not a reason
to shoot him one out of ten people were
killed while unarmed
that's pretty high that is pretty high
now I know there's some people say well
that's ten percent that's not really
that bad is it let's put in another
perspective let's say you order a pizza
once a week and five times a year
guy brings you the wrong order you're
probably gonna stop ordering from there
you hold a pizza delivery driver more
accountable for the accuracy of your
order then you do a cop for the accuracy
of his bullets right video I see of you
guys in a shootout you Starsky and Hutch
it out in the middle of the road popping
off rounds you don't hit the guy I are
48 rounds suspect hit three times that's
45 rounds they could have killed some
kid could have killed some single mother
could have killed some elderly guy if
you're no longer a public servant your
job is strictly to enforce the law it
means you're personally responsible on a
moral level for every law on the books
if you don't agree with it and you're
willing to enforce it well then you're
just a hired goon
there are a lot of unjust laws out there
when you run across somebody that is
ideologically motivated and they're
breaking the law but the crime has no
victim
keep rolling we know you want to go home
at the end of your shift
everybody does that's that's completely
understandable the unarmed people that
were killed
they wanted to go home to you
chose this profession they probably
didn't choose to interact with you
violence against police it's not a
dangerous job there is no war on cops
there should be no warrior cops
so some suicide bomber fills his truck
or his van full of explosives and drives
into a barracks in the middle of the
night kills a bunch of sleeping troops
what's the difference between that and a
guy who's sitting in Texas flying a
drone over Yemen and blowing up a
training camp morally they're the same
thing opening fire on a village for no
reason whatsoever just gives the
insurgency propaganda helps them recruit
people to kill his friends have to keep
up a hard look for those who confuse
legality immorality because everything
the Taliban did well that was legal
under their laws everything Saddam did
was legal under their laws everything
the Islamic state did was legal under
their laws everything Nazi Germany did
was legal under their laws genocide of
the natives slavery segregation all
legal under our laws
you know it doesn't matter if you're in
the holler of some West Virginia
hillside or you're in Kansas whatever
you got more in common with a black guy
from the inner city then you're ever
gonna have in common with your
representative up in DC please if we're
gonna have any forward movement in this
country what passes for the left and the
right in this country have to start
talking and what you're gonna find out
is if you actually start talking to the
right wing voters you're gonna find out
that they have a lot of the same
problems you have they just believe a
different set of politicians is going to
fix it and the reality is you're both
wrong if you make your community strong
enough it doesn't matter who gets
elected it doesn't matter who's sitting
in the Oval Office doesn't matter if you
hate Trump or Obama whoever it is
they're in power you're gonna be fine
because your community can take care of
itself
rule 303 you have the means at hand you
have the responsibility to act